Patrick Kisio Muema
Phone: +254798426613 
Email: kisiopatrick@outlook.com
Linkedin:linkedin.com/in/kisio-patrick-0722b820b
Languages: English, Kiswahili

Professional Summary
I am an ambitious and adaptable BSc Clinical Medicine graduate from Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and
Technology. My eclectic skill set spans the realms of medicine, research, community outreaches, data science, and
even artificial intelligence. I’ve polished these skills through diverse experiences, from medical training and freelance
research to shining in prestigious competitions like the Huawei Global ICT.

As a dedicated healthcare professional, I bring a wide range of medical skills, a strong commitment to improving
the well-being of children and vulnerable populations, and a passion for humanitarian service. I excel in fast-paced
clinical environments, delivering timely and effective care. My focus on cultural competency and communication
enables me to provide inclusive, patient-centered care.
Thus, with a knack for research, community service, and data analysis, a proactive mindset, and razor-sharp
medical skills, I’m committed to making a global impact; and having a bit of fun along the way.

Experiences
Medical Experiences
Junior and Senior Year Medical Attachment and Clinical Rotations
• Focused on comprehensive patient care within resource-constrained healthcare
settings.
• Collaborated with multidisciplinary teams to diagnose and treat patients, gaining
hands-on experience in medical procedures.
• Implemented evidence-based practices and adapted to limited resources to optimize patient outcomes.
Jan 2022 - Dec 2023
Organizer and Participant in Medical Camps and Volunteer Health
Drives
• Actively contributed to blood donation health drives and medical camps aimed
at bridging healthcare gaps in underserved communities.
• Provided compassionate medical care and support to CCC (TB-HIV) patients.
• Collaborated with local healthcare providers and community leaders to address
Diabetes, Hypertension and communicable diseases.
2018-2019

Technological and Research Skills
Freelancer Researcher and Writer
• Conducted comprehensive academic literature and systematic reviews on a broad
range of topics, showcasing advanced research and analytical skills.
• Proficient in Microsoft MS Suite, Excel/Spreadsheets, Google Workspaces, LaTeX, and SPSS.
• Proofread, review, transcribe, and write (based on APA, MLA, Chicago, and
Harvard styles) on different topics ranging from health sciences, psychology,
geopolitics, and literature.
• Excellent in writing, research, data analysis, report generation, and presentation.
• I applied the above skills in final year Research titled: Knowledge, Attitude, and
Practices of HPV Vaccination among Mothers of Pre-teen Age Girls Attended
to at Kitale County Referral Hospital.
The document is accessible here: https://github.com/tech-Ice/Final-YearResearch-Docs
Present

Huawei ICT Competition, Lead Iteration Generalization
• Together with my two colleagues, developed a smart system: ICMS that detects
cardiovascular conditions.
• Ensured highest model accuracy (CNN at 96% and Ensemble at 99%, respectively).
• Learned the principles of Artificial Intelligence (Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Neural Networks, IoT, Cloud Computing, and Data Science).
• Achieved first prize in the Huawei Global ICT Competition 2022/2023 held in
Shenzhen, China in May.
Dec 2022 - May 2023

Other Experiences
Team Leader, Traffic Data Counts, Howard Humphreys (2019-2022
• Led teams of 30+ persons in conducting Traffic Data Counts at multiple locations
in Nairobi.

Chair, University Christian Groups (2019-2020)
• Led groups of young Christians (University Students) in charity works, retreats,
hikes, and adventures.

Awards
JKUAT-EABL Engagement Day (March 2023)
Presented ICMS smart system and awarded 2nd runners prize among 15+ projects.

CEO Clinical Medicine Dept Electoral Body(2019)
Organized and ensured credible and fair students’ elections.

April, 2024 JKUAT Hult Prize Entrepreneurial Competition: 2nd Prize Winner:
Focusing on innovative solutions addressing global and local challenges based on
2030 SDGs goals through technology and entrepreneurship.

Education
BSc in Clinical Medicine, The Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and
Technology (JKUAT) (June 2024)

High School Diploma, Machakos School 2016, Grade: A-

HCIA-AI Course, Huawei Kenya ICT Academy 2023

Interests
• Nature exploration and adventure: Targeting to summit Mt. Kenya by 2026.
• Self-teaching AI and Data Science via Google, Microsoft, and Cisco online courses and Bootcamps:
SPSS, R, Python, PowerBi and Tableau.
